One of them won the glory of the county sea,
A gang leader, an outsider, killed our Chinese brothers and sisters,
Tell me, how do you want to die?
On this day, Dad, His Majesty the Divine King.
Xiao Fang, you don’t have to feel pain when you have been defeated by me countless times.
Because I have said before that the identity between you and me is,
It's the inability to be happy.
I'm wrong, wrong, wrong, Zhuo Que Lao Zhu
It’s you who are suffering
The noble and omnipotent Zhu Shaoxingzhu
It's your own hands
selected girls
this this this this this this this this this this
this this this this this this this this this this this this this this
this this this this this this this
this this this this this this this this this this this this
this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this
this this this
this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this this
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come, come, come, come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come